A social network creates its fundamental value in the information shared by the users within the network. Foursquare in particular serves as a platform for people to share experiences of places/venues. This information called tip is made available to a user subscribed to the source as a friend or a follower. To access the tips, the friend/follower has to load the user’s page, navigate to the tips page, and go through the items which may or may not be grouped by location.  

Over general public recommendations (like Foursquare search returns or tips from followed people) or trends, people tend to be easier influenced by family/friends, people that they ACTUALLY relate to, and thus trust more. They tend to acknowledge leads more when they come from personal connections, especially in the hope of making the shared relationship stronger by having more relatable/common experiences. Being able to relate a new experience (may it be a place or activity) to familiar people also brings some sense of comfort and relief to anxious first timers.  

In Foursquare speak, a user may likely want to know if any of his friends have been in the area and what they think of it, and then look up their direct endorsements on Foursquare. The problem is he has to go through a lengthy process to capture this information – load every friend’s page, go through his tips and by luck find any on the locality of his interest. There is also no guarantee from this painful exercise that he is bound to end up with any lead at all, i.e. none of his friends may have been in the area OR none may have bothered posting a tip. Local recommendations from friends are not easily accessible. 

This project shall provide a quick access to this information, skipping the gory UI procedure.  The solution is to render a map charted with venues endorsed by friends (marked with venue name, friend's name, and the tip), within the vicinity of the user (located within the same state as the user's address/location). By having the tips from friends easily accessible and displayed in a personal way, users establish better connections (memory recall) to the area/place by making the experience more personal, build stronger links to their friends (by increasing common grounds), and also nourish that culture of sharing helpful information (it feels more natural to help and express gratitude to a friend than a stranger).  

Target audience are Foursquare users who in general seek to explore with the help of friends, and are keen to have their tips readily accessible for consultation purposes. 
